Chore: (Docs) Writing stories section (#16236)
storybookjs/storybook: docs/writing-stories/introduction.md

<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

> It's straightforward for components with few stories but can be repetitive with many stories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is straightforward for components with few stories, but can be repetitive with many stories.
```

I feel like this was better before.

### Using args

> Refine this pattern by introducing `args` for your component's stories. It reduces the boilerplate code you'll need to write and maintain for each story.

Reviewer: Do we want to discuss how this is using an implicit `render` function? Either in this paragraph or in the snippets?

<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

By introducing args into your component's stories, you're not only reducing the amount of code you need to write, but you're also decreasing data duplication, as shown by spreading the `Primary` story's args into the other stories.

What’s more, you can import `args` to reuse when writing stories for other components, and it's helpful when you’re building composite components. For example, if we make a `ButtonGroup` story, we might remix two stories from its child component `Button`.

> <!-- prettier-ignore-start -->

Reviewer: _The `react/button-group-story.js.mdx` snippet wasn't modified in this PR, so I'm commenting here..._

This snippet is odd to me. `Pair.args.buttons = [{ ...ButtonStories.Primary.args }, { ...ButtonStories.Secondary.args }]` implies a few things:

1. Because there's no explicit render function, it must be using the implicit `(args) => <ButtonGroup {...args} />`
    - Which means `args.buttons` implies that ButtonGroup accepts a `buttons` prop when `children` would be much more idiomatic
1. Because the value of `args.buttons` is an array of objects (which are the props applied to each Button in the group), ButtonGroup must be iterating over that array and rendering the Button(s) itself
    - This is strange. ButtonGroup could simply accept Button(s) as `children`, instead.
    
I realize that this construct was likely chosen to illustrate args composition over anything else (and that it existed prior to CSF3), but now that the Template has been replaced by an implicit render function, I think this snippet might be confusing to viewers, who are likely assuming a more idiomatic ButtonGroup implementation and won't know how this concepts could apply to that.

<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

When Button’s signature changes, you only need to change Button’s stories to reflect the new schema. ButtonGroup’s stories will automatically be updated. This pattern allows you to reuse your data definitions up and down your component hierarchy, making your stories more maintainable.
When Button’s signature changes, you only need to change Button’s stories to reflect the new schema, and ButtonGroup’s stories will automatically be updated. This pattern allows you to reuse your data definitions across the component hierarchy, making your stories more maintainable.

> That’s not all! Each of the args from the story function are live editable using Storybook’s [controls](../essentials/controls.md) panel. This means your team can dynamically change components in Storybook to stress test and find edge cases.

Reviewer: I've noticed lots of changes from "This..." to "It...", particularly at the start of a sentence or clause.

Would you mind sharing why you made those changes? They don't read as straightforwardly to me, but perhaps I'm missing something.

Author: @kylegach to give you some context the switch is to prevent unclear precedents. With the switch, it can help readers understand better the messaging a bit better.

### Using decorators

> Decorators are a mechanism to wrap a component in arbitrary markup when rendering a story. Components are often created with assumptions about ‘where’ they render. Your styles might expect a theme or layout wrapper. Or your UI might expect specific context or data providers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Decorators are a mechanism to wrap a component in arbitrary markup when rendering a story. Components are often created with assumptions about ‘where’ they render. Your styles might expect a theme or layout wrapper, or your UI might expect specific context or data providers.
```
